wip: ai engine concepts (#77)
fetchai/docs: docs/aea/orm-integration-to-generic.md

```python
    def create_database_and_table(self):
        """Creates a database and a table to store the data if not exists."""
        metadata = db.MetaData()

        tbl = db.Table('data', metadata,
                       db.Column('timestamp', db.Integer()),
                       db.Column('temprature', db.String(255), nullable=False),
              )
        metadata.create_all(self._db_engine)
        return tbl

    def insert_data(self):
        """Insert data in the database."""
        connection = self._db_engine.connect()
        logger.info("Populating the database....")
        for counter in range(10):
            query = db.insert(self._tbl).values(timestamp=time.time(), temprature=str(random.randrange(10, 25)))
            connection.execute(query)
```

### Fund the buyer AEA

To create some wealth for your buyer AEA based on the network you want to transact with:

On the Fetch.ai `testnet` network.
``` bash
aea generate-wealth fetchai
```

On the Ethereum `rospten` network.
``` bash
aea generate-wealth ethereum
```

## Run the AEAs

> You can change the end point's address and port by modifying the connection's yaml file (my_seller_aea/connection/oef/connection.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the endpoint's address and port by modifying the connection's yaml file (`my_seller_aea/connection/oef/connection.yaml`)
```
